Privacy Policy

Protecting your privacy is very important to us. Hope the following information will give you an understanding of how the application works.

Information Collection and Use

We do not collect personal information which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address or billing information , or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information.
However, We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you've participated in. In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:

Your prior permission
By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests
By requests from public and governmental authorities
To protect our legal rights and interests

Permission to use in the app

During use, we require users to have some access rights to perform functions according to user needs. We promise not to use it for nefarious work. The following description helps users to better understand permissions during use:

Read External Storage: Retrieve video / photo data that users save while using the app functions
Write External Storage: Write video / photo data that users save while using the app functions
Record audio: Allows recording sound while using screen recording function
System alert window: Allows displaying quick action buttons on the launcher (main screen of the phone)

*Note to always ask the user before you need to use permissions

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at loanxulove@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator









